## Modules

<!-- TODO fill in when we have a module system -->
We don't have a module system yet :pensive:. To use functions from other files,
you need to create a file within the same directory (e.g., the root folder of [Kindex](https://github.com/HigherOrderCO/Kindex)).


## Use

The *use* statement is a useful feature in the *Kind* language that allows you to create aliases for functions or data types. It simplifies the usage of specific functions or types in your code. Let's explore its usage with practical examples.

### Step 1: Importing Functions with use

The first use of use is to import functions. Suppose you are working with the ``Data.Nat.succ`` function and want to import it with a shorter alias, such as *Succ*, for easier usage in your code. Here's an example:

```rust
use Data.Nat as Succ
```

With this statement, you import the ``Data.Nat.succ`` function and associate it with the *Succ* alias. You can now use Succ instead of ``Data.Nat.succ`` to refer to that function.

### Step 2: Using Aliases for Data Types

In addition to importing functions, use can also create aliases for specific data types. Suppose you want to create an alias for the ``Data.Nat`` type called *Nat*. Here's an example:

```rust
use Data.Nat as Nat
```
With this statement, you import the ``Data.Nat`` type and associate it with the ``Nat/`` alias. You can now use ``Nat/`` to refer to the *Nat* data type.

Now, let's use the ``Nat/`` alias in a function called ``Succ``:
```rust
Succ (n: Nat/) : Nat/
Succ n = Nat/succ n
```

The ``Succ`` function takes a parameter ``n`` of type ``Nat/`` and returns a value of the same *type* . Within the function body, we use the ``Nat/`` alias to invoke the *succ* function associated with the *Nat*.

### Step 3: Using Aliases in Other Functions

Next, let's explore how aliases can be used in other functions. Consider the ``Is_equal`` function, which compares two ``Bool/`` values and returns a ``Bool/`` result:

```rust
Is_equal (b1: Bool/) (b2: Bool/) : Bool/
Is_equal b1 b2 = 
  match Bool/ b1 {
    true  => b2
    false => match b2 {
      true  => Bool/false
      false => Bool/true
    }
  }

```
In this example, we use the ``Bool/`` alias to refer to the ``Data.Bool`` type within the match pattern. This makes the code more readable and avoids unnecessary repetition of the full module name.

### Step 4: Explaining Aliases with an Additional Example

To further illustrate the use of aliases, let's consider the ``Add_zero`` function, which proves that adding ``zero`` to a number ``n`` results in ``n`` using the ``Equal`` for propositional equality:

```rust
Add_zero (n: Nat/) : Equal/ (Nat/add 0n n) n
Add_zero n = Equal/refl
```

In this function, we use the ``Equal/`` alias to refer to the ``Prop.Equal`` type, which handles propositional equality. With the alias, we declare that the return type of the function is a *proof* of equality between the expression ``(Nat/add 0n n)`` and ``n``. We also use the ``Equal/refl`` alias to create a reflexive proof of equality.

### Conclusion

The use statement is a powerful tool in the Kind language that allows you to create aliases for functions or data types. It simplifies the usage of functions and types, making the code more readable and concise. With use, you can import functions with shorter aliases and create aliases for specific data types. I hope this tutorial has helped you understand the usage of use in Kind.
